back again to play with Peter that's
gross welcome to donut Plains three in
super mario world this is oh we we
probably could have done better
following Alan good got a cake can float
gracefully down when I want belching is
cool don't let anyone tell you otherwise
oh snap good target practice oh you suck
you suck hopefully i get another power
up you can power me up though if we can
get 300 links or not links likes we get
300 likes on this video i'll upload to
tomorrow if i uploaded to today that
means you probably should make sure i
get 300 likes on both mario videos that
will enable you to get your maximum of
you know three or two mario videos a day
I know you like Mario don't even try to
pretend you don't I do oh I died that
sucks oh well I'm gonna go over here and
power up before I go in so click like
300 of them gets to Mario videos
tomorrow if not only one it's up to you
kind of sucks to only have one though
when you know you love them so much you
know I don't really want these fire
flowers I kind of want to i want the
capes so I'm going back here power up
place is what we should call this we
will all right down over you've got the
ability to retain a cape case of getting
hit we've got Yoshi
we are equipped for this level frankly
blue gets us some wings cool you ever
watched the animation of the Yoshi
eating or yo she's sticking his tongue
out Mario punches him in the head Mario
is not a kind master by any means hmm
that could have gone badly but it didn't
I thought quick oh crap had to abandon
Yoshi it's all right though I don't care
screw Yoshi
nice this is pure luck oh thanks oh but
we got to mix your life that's nice
always cool 27 stars that means we I
looks like we're going to a bonus stage
will do that that'll be cool we like
bonus games like the game show music
alright complex for lives bang yeah all
right that puts us at donut Plains for
which will do
got ya oh hey jerk I think you just get
away with that you can oh dang that
sucks come on you don't get to live oh
but I don't either ha Oh stupid but top
secret area to the rescue so we're going
to head back there to the level and
attempt it and that'll be that for this
video keep in Mario short give you the
incentive to get more mario screw you
look at all these goombas just
everywhere oh yeah worked out beat it
did it that's it we win so that's two
levels you want to Mario videos the
thing you're going to have to do is
click like on this video 300 of them and
we get to two videos I keep repeating
that because it cannot I cannot say that
it's important enough liking the video
helps the video and it also provides me
with a lot more incentive to give you
another video which so yeah up in the
top left corner Super Mario World
playlist top right get the funny buttons
a subscribe button and the green arrow
takes you to the latest play Peter down
the description Piotr Ilyich you got a
super mario world smorgasbord also my
shirts for your back songs for your ears
and my social networking BS please
follow me on all them things uh my
name's Peter coffin watch me often